README.md, before:

# CGx-Gcode-RobotArm
Gcode decoder for Arduino for robotic arms. Works together with InverseK library.

## How to use?
1. Install the [InverseK](https://github.com/cgxeiji/CGx-InverseK) library. 
1. If you haven't done so, install the [Adafruit PWM Servo Driver](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-PWM-Servo-Driver-Library) library.
1. Download the project as a .zip file.
1. Open Arduino IDE
1. Select `Sketch->Include Library->Add .ZIP Library...`
1. Locate the .zip file you just downloaded (Should be named `CGx-Gcode-RobotArm-master.zip`)
1. Select the file and click `Open`
1. Done!


**You can check the example sketch at:**
`File->Examples->CGx Gcode->CGx_Gcode_Example`

comment out the first line of the example if you want to test without the hardware!




# Gcode Table
## G Codes
Gcode | Syntax | Definition
----- | ------ | ----------
G0 | `G0 Xnn.n Ynn.n Znn.n Wnn.n` | Fast Movement to X Y Z [mm] position. *[Optional]* set approach angle W.
G1 | `G1 Xnn.n Ynn.n Znn.n Wnn.n Fnn.n` | Controlled Movement to X Y Z [mm] position. *[Optional]* set speed F [mm/s]. *[Optional]* set approach angle W.
G28 | `G28` | Home position.
G53 | `G53 Ann.n Bnn.n Cnn.n Dnn.n Enn.n Fnn.n` | Move each servo individually at nn.n [degrees]. Each parameter is optional.
G54 | `G54 Ann Bnn Cnn Dnn Enn Fnn` | *[Used for calibration]* Move each servo individually using nn [ms] pulse width. Each parameter is optional.

## M Codes
Gcode | Syntax | Definition
----- | ------ | ----------
M100 | `M100` | Close grip.
M101 | `M101` | Open grip.
M103 | `M103` | *[Used for calibration]* Enable calibration mode.
M104 | `M104` | *[Used for calibration]* Disable calibration mode.
M105 | `M105` | *[Used for calibration]* Go to first calibration position.
M106 | `M106` | *[Used for calibration]* Save current position as first calibration position.
M107 | `M107` | *[Used for calibration]* Go to second calibration position.
M108 | `M108` | *[Used for calibration]* Save current position as second calibration position.

Commit message:

Added an 'under fix' message

README.md, after:

# CGx-Gcode-RobotArm
Gcode decoder for Arduino for robotic arms. Works together with InverseK library.

## How to use?
1. Install the [InverseK](https://github.com/cgxeiji/CGx-InverseK) library. 
1. If you haven't done so, install the [Adafruit PWM Servo Driver](https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit-PWM-Servo-Driver-Library) library.
1. Download the project as a .zip file.
1. Open Arduino IDE
1. Select `Sketch->Include Library->Add .ZIP Library...`
1. Locate the .zip file you just downloaded (Should be named `CGx-Gcode-RobotArm-master.zip`)
1. Select the file and click `Open`
1. Done!


**You can check the example sketch at:**
`File->Examples->CGx Gcode->CGx_Gcode_Example`

~~comment out the first line of the example if you want to test without the hardware!~~ (This feature is currently under fix)



# Gcode Table
## G Codes
Gcode | Syntax | Definition
----- | ------ | ----------
G0 | `G0 Xnn.n Ynn.n Znn.n Wnn.n` | Fast Movement to X Y Z [mm] position. *[Optional]* set approach angle W.
G1 | `G1 Xnn.n Ynn.n Znn.n Wnn.n Fnn.n` | Controlled Movement to X Y Z [mm] position. *[Optional]* set speed F [mm/s]. *[Optional]* set approach angle W.
G28 | `G28` | Home position.
G53 | `G53 Ann.n Bnn.n Cnn.n Dnn.n Enn.n Fnn.n` | Move each servo individually at nn.n [degrees]. Each parameter is optional.
G54 | `G54 Ann Bnn Cnn Dnn Enn Fnn` | *[Used for calibration]* Move each servo individually using nn [ms] pulse width. Each parameter is optional.

## M Codes
Gcode | Syntax | Definition
----- | ------ | ----------
M100 | `M100` | Close grip.
M101 | `M101` | Open grip.
M103 | `M103` | *[Used for calibration]* Enable calibration mode.
M104 | `M104` | *[Used for calibration]* Disable calibration mode.
M105 | `M105` | *[Used for calibration]* Go to first calibration position.
M106 | `M106` | *[Used for calibration]* Save current position as first calibration position.
M107 | `M107` | *[Used for calibration]* Go to second calibration position.
M108 | `M108` | *[Used for calibration]* Save current position as second calibration position.
